# graph

A teeny extension of a TodoMVC-style app, with a greater focus on task graphs.

## Findings

* `merlin` seems to get confused often. The `npm start` task running in the background provides the best confirmation for whether the current directory is compiling or not. It is not clear if this is due to behind-the-scenes conversion to OCaml or what.

* It is not clear why `.bs.js` files need to be output into the `src/` directory. Perhaps they don't. Either way, the code certainly _looks_ pretty.

* It might be nice to write in OCaml. It has a terseness that the occasionally JS-y ways of ReasonML lack. See also the first point, from which one might form the conjecture that OCaml has better out-of-the-box tooling.

* Installing: `nvm` seems generally to be a non-starter for getting editor plugins working; on Debian, installing from OPAM is the way to go; on Windows, ocaml-reason-wsl does the trick, but `ocaml -version` spits out an odd nvm message when run from cmd.exe.

* Overall, switching (formerly known as _matching_), variants, and `let` for function definition lend the language the functional mintiness we all know and love.

## BuckleScript Boilerplate

_The below was auto-generated by `bsb -init`_

Run this project:

```
npm install
npm start
# in another tab
npm run webpack
```

After you see the webpack compilation succeed (the `npm run webpack` step), open up the nested html files in `src/*` (**no server needed!**). Then modify whichever file in `src` and refresh the page to see the changes.

**For more elaborate ReasonReact examples**, please see https://github.com/reasonml-community/reason-react-example
